[tutorials] Adds a carousel tutorial (#773)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/tutorials/content/carousel/07.md

Now we're ready to position the elements. We use ReactiveElement's `hasUpdated`
property to avoid animating the first render, and we move only if selection

> has changed (`this.selected !== this.previous`). We go to the right based on

Reviewer: Clarify "We go to the right"

specifically "go"

Author: Reworded

the `advancing` property we setup in the `selected` accessor. Then calculate

> the move `delta` and add that to the tracking `left` property. It stores a

Reviewer: What is the delta? the percentage the left should change to stop displaying in the box?

Author: Reworded

`%` value indicating where the slot "container" element should be positioned.
It's stored as state so the element re-renders correctly if it updates and

> the `selected` property has not changed.

Reviewer: break this paragraph up on each command

Author: Reworded

Finally, update the positions based on the `left` property. The animating
container (`animateLeft`) is the position we've stored in `left`.
We want the selected item (`selectedLeft`) to be showing so we just negate
the `left` on the container so it stays in view. And for the previous item
(`previousLeft`), we place it to the left or right of the selected item based
on the move `delta`.

Update the top of the `render` method to look like this:

```ts
render() {
  const shouldMove = this.hasUpdated &&
      this.selected !== this.previous;
  const shouldAdvance = shouldMove && this.advancing;
  const delta = (shouldMove ? Number(shouldAdvance) || -1 : 0) * 100;
  this.left -= delta;
  const animateLeft = `${this.left}%`;
  const selectedLeft = `${-this.left}%`;
  const previousLeft = `${-this.left - delta}%`;
```

> If we've done that correctly, nothing should change when we click and
> shift-click the element to change the selection. Again, if you'd like to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we've done that correctly, the carousel's behavior should be the same
as the previous step when you click and shift-click the element.

If you'd like to
```

the `advancing` property we setup in the `selected` accessor. Then calculate
the move `delta` and add that to the tracking `left` property. It stores a
`%` value indicating where the slot "container" element should be positioned.
It's stored as state so the element re-renders correctly if it updates and
the `selected` property has not changed.

Finally, update the positions based on the `left` property. The animating
container (`animateLeft`) is the position we've stored in `left`.
We want the selected item (`selectedLeft`) to be showing so we just negate
the `left` on the container so it stays in view. And for the previous item
(`previousLeft`), we place it to the left or right of the selected item based
on the move `delta`.

```ts
render() {
  const shouldMove = this.hasUpdated &&
      this.selected !== this.previous;
  const shouldAdvance = shouldMove && this.advancing;
  const delta = (shouldMove ? Number(shouldAdvance) || -1 : 0) * 100;
  this.left -= delta;
  const animateLeft = `${this.left}%`;
  const selectedLeft = `${-this.left}%`;
  const previousLeft = `${-this.left - delta}%`;
```

If we've done that correctly, nothing should change when we click and

> shift-click the element to change the selection.

Reviewer 2: Maybe worth noting that if you look behind the scenes of overflow: hidden, it's now possible to see the next and prior slide updating as you click - which is very cool!

<aside class="info">
  Feel free to open the browser's developer tools and inspect the carousel's
  DOM to see that the style values for `left` are in fact changing in the

>   three spots we set them.

Reviewer 2: Maybe also worth noting that if you look behind the scenes of `overflow: hidden`, it's now possible to see the next and prior slide updating as you click - which is very cool!

>   three spots we set them.

Reviewer 2: Maybe also worth noting that if you look behind the scenes of `overflow: hidden`, it's now possible to see the next and prior slide updating as you click - which is very cool!

  const toStart = s === 0;
  const atEnd = p === this.maxSelected;
  const toEnd = s == this.maxSelected;
  const shouldAdvance = shouldMove &&
    (atEnd ? toStart : atStart ? !toEnd : s > p);
  const delta = (shouldMove ? Number(shouldAdvance) || -1 : 0) * 100;
  this.left -= delta;
  const animateLeft = `${this.left}%`;
  const selectedLeft = `${-this.left}%`;
  const previousLeft = `${-this.left - delta}%`;
```

There's a bit of code here to review. It leverages the previously added code
to help position the elements.

First, `shouldMove` is computed based on the `selectedInternal`
tracking property changing and using ReactiveElement's `hasUpdated` property
to avoid animating the first render.

Then, `shouldAdvance` is computed so that the position advances if the selected
item increases, with the positioning reversed when wrapping to the start or end.

The move `delta` is calculated based on `shouldMove` and `shouldAdvance`, and
using the `delta`, the `left` property is set. It stores a `%` value indicating
where the slot "container" element should be positioned. It's stored as state
so the element re-renders correctly if it updates and the `selected` property

> has not changed.

Reviewer: > left is stored as state

was quite confusing to me. If you don't mind explaining what you mean here arthur and I can tackle it next week

> has not changed.

Author: Will take a stab at cleaning up: it's stored in a property rather than computed ephemerally so that if nothing changes, the left can just re-apply where it is. Could also conditionally use noChanged + the styleMaps, but this was simpler.
